Take to account all new partitions when checking shard limits (#15843)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/5.7.1.rst

Fixes
=====

> - Fixed an issue that caused exceeding the
>   :ref:`cluster.max_shards_per_node <cluster.max_shards_per_node>` when running
>   ``INSERT INTO... VALUES...`` statement with multiple values on partitioned
>   tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that allowed ``INSERT INTO`` statements to create more shards
  than allowed by :ref:`cluster.max_shards_per_node
  <cluster.max_shards_per_node>` if the statement resulted in the creation of
  many partitions at once.
```

It's not just `VALUES`, but insert from query as well(?)

Author: yes, but insert from query not that visible due to BulkShardCreationLimiter intervention - let's mention it anyway?

Reviewer: That mitigates it, but as far as I understand it doesn't completely prevent the issue.

Author: yep, limit is still exceeded (slightly) played around locally. I used suggessed ``INSERT INTO`` in the change entry

> 

Author: Maybe should say that can exceed significantly, basically bound only to VALUES count: the more values are provided, the bigger the overshooting becomes.

Author: Given that exceeding the limit is [by design](https://github.com/crate/crate/issues/15803#issuecomment-2058729661) for tables with `number_of_replicas` given as a range (and range 0-1 is our default value) we probably should emphasize that here overshooting can be significant and is bound only to VALUES count: the more values are provided, the bigger the overshooting becomes.
